Smokey the bear Smokey the bear Hello there, folks. This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear. Those singing
friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you. But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big
star? Today, it's Art Linkletter. Gee, Mr. Linkletter, thanks for inviting me to your house party. You sure have a lot of
fun at these parties. We like to make people happy, Smokey, and to have fun. Sometimes, though, we do get serious. As you
know, I talk with many little boys and girls, and lately I've been telling them about our beautiful forests and all the
things we get from them. Wood for our homes and furniture, wood for the paper we write on, wood for the pencils we write
with. Water to drink and to swim in and fish in, deer and squirrels and other wild things that give us so much enjoyment all
come from the forests. The small trees in the forest are something like children, just as boys and girls are. They need a
good start in life. Little trees need care and protection. The worst threat to these little trees is fire. In a forest
fire, they don't have a chance. That's why, Smokey, I tell little boys and girls not to play with matches or with any fire.
They can hurt themselves and burn the little trees in the forest if they fool around with matches. Little boys and girls
should always keep this in mind. It takes only one tree to make a million matches. It takes only one match to destroy a
million trees. Thanks, Mr. Linkletter. This kind of serious talk today can mean a lot of happiness for growing up boys
and girls in years to come. Talking about trees, my friends here, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a beautiful song about a
tree, a redwood tree.
Here in the hush
of the redwood trees.
Here where the ages pass.
Here in
of the redwood trees
here where there's peace at last
see See how they raised their lofty
heads and see how they've
learned to pray.
God must have stood Where I'm standing
now and talked With the redwood
tree
Like he talks with me
Well, that's it for now, folks. Thanks a lot for spending this time with us. You know, it's your own State Forestry
Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that
make these get-togethers possible. Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star,
this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember... Only you can prevent forest and
woods fires. Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowling and a-growling and a-slip in the air. He can find the fire before
it starts to flame. That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Ooh.
Thank
you.